Update HOW-TO-TEST-A-COMPONENT-IN-CLOUD-UI.md (#1482)
hashicorp/design-system: packages/components/HOW-TO-TEST-A-COMPONENT-IN-CLOUD-UI.md

Once done run `yarn install` to use the "remote" version of the package, update the `node_modules` and the `yarn.lock` file.

**IMPORTANT**: the way in which yarn works in this case is that it resolves in a hash referencing a commit in `yarn.lock`; so if you make changes to the branch, they’re not reflected in the local `node_modules` unless you change the hash manually in the `yarn.lock` to point to another commit, and re-run the `yarn install` command.

#### What to do if `yarn start ***` in Cloud UI complains about the different version number

There are cases in which the "start" command in Cloud UI will fail with an error similar to this:
```
Missing yarn packages: 
Package: @hashicorp/design-system-components
  * Specified: ^2.7.1
  * Installed: 2.6.0

Run `yarn` to install missing dependencies.
```

> Running again `yarn install` will not solve the problem, because the issue is with the version of the `@hashicorp/design-system-components` package declared in the `package.json` files in Cloud UI that differs from the one in the overriding package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `yarn install` again will not solve the problem because the issue is with the version of the `@hashicorp/design-system-components` package declared in the `package.json` files in Cloud UI that differs from the one in the overriding package.
```

In this case you have two options:

- you can rebase your branch on `main` so that your branch uses the latest version of `@hashicorp/design-system-components` (which is likely the one used in Cloud UI too)

> - if the one in Cloud UI is not the latest, you have to "trick" Cloud UI and replace the existing version with the one used in your branch (use a find&replace in all the `package.json` files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if the one in Cloud UI is not the latest, you have to "trick" Cloud UI and replace the existing version with the one used in your branch (use a find & replace in all the `package.json` files)
```

> In both cases you will have to re-run the `yarn install` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With both options, you will have to re-run the `yarn install` command.
```
